we're back so Laura's coloring looky
here rustling of the colored pencils
anyway we save savings good we're like
halfway done with game anyway go get any
forward if you can don't you come goes
crazy mr. dog erasing anyway so next is
Linda's castles which is if you don't
use a truck board you need to and this
one it's really the only board that you
need yeah I don't know if some people
met like speeds this visual just had a
problem like balance go okay thanks for
already try to use a speed board once in
which I can't follow whoa baby be
careful and watch out for these obvious
dinner tables and
there's a shortcut but I missed it the
first time you have to turn really fast
it's like this is how I describe it if
you drive when you park a car you have
to pull over to the other side first
before you pull in if you like swing out
that's what you do four stomachs making
tamales life-threatening experience oh
yeah ouch is giant statue I hate the
snowman's
huh I don't know what ginger
rocket don't use it in this is a very
good area but my frocks yeah
i should say that
throw away
oh yeah
Oh
top of the table
huh
I think I got the shortcut here
whoo
but knowing how much to say once you get
into it kind of they made me fall here
but they ghosted me we were talking snow
boarder
hire nobody yeah we didn't talk about
the sheen here comes the she was
speeding tall she some of them are like
really slow like that some of them are
SuperDuper fast which is on this brand
that you shall see yeah last lab some of
them are like the sheep's on speed
so it looks like I'm like whew good like
a little smiley face mr. Hickey this is
Sun as a rock
a letter to you gotta be careful
a little slam into each other never had
on my butt hot on the chief snowboard
brace coins good lord I like to ransom
lindos estupido hahaha you're good that
was pretty funny wasn't it in this rap
level you call to my cut reg for cuts
yeah actually like that word normalize
how's or why's everyone think I'm such a
bad word because if you don't know that
was from the vagina monologues they were
talking about it
alright watch for speedy Gonzalez chief
3ms did you see him he's fast
no sir come
Oh
I just have a bowl with some random song
songs i think you know not all of them
woman so you comments even though our
stuff is pretty graphic yeah
dumpsters